## Agenda für das Meeting am 23. Dezember
- **Wo**: VW Bibliothek
- **Wann**: Dezember 23, 10:00 - 12:00 
- **Location**: *link on calendar invite*

## Logistics

The meeting will be on a zoom.us video conference.
Installation is required, see the calendar invite.

## Agenda items

1. Opening, welcome and roll call
    1. Opening of the meeting
    1. Introduction of attendees
1. Find volunteers for note taking (acting chair to volunteer)
1. Adoption of the agenda
1. Proposals and discussions
    1. Review of action items from prior meeting.
1. Closure

## Agenda items for future meetings

*None*

### Schedule constraints

*None*

## Meeting Notes

Overall picture:
<ol type="I">
<li>Cleaning</li>
<li>Group columns</li>
<li>Change column names</li>
</ol>

- Things to do next:
  - [ ] Check whether floats are actually integers, booleans or categorical
  - [ ] Check whether some objects are categorical
  - [ ] % values between 0 and 100
  - [x] 'qc_factorkonzentration' values = {0,1}. We leave that as it is.
  
  - [ ] Separate columns to a new DataFrame:
      - [ ] 'ps_lsg'
      - [ ] 'qc_pa_beschichtungsjahr' (wegen pa_datum W = 2018, X = 2019) 
  
  - [ ] Take average of 'pa_tmc_gehalt' for value '0,075/0,07'
  - [ ] Transform 'pp_actual_usage' into categorical and
      - [ ] change factor names properly
      
  - [ ] Check whether 'pp_actual_product_short_name' == 'winding_product_short_name' == 'winding_product_line' 
  - [ ] Decide whether or not remove to a separate DataFrame:
      - [ ] 'derived_date'
      - [ ] 'qc_datum_product_properties'
      
  - [x] 'pa_ctmc_richtwert_%' is constant. We leave as it is for now. It could be that only certain product types have this "Richtwert".
  
  # Nächstes Meeting
  
  Am 2. oder 3. Januar 2020. 
